you hear what I said mr. blank yeah um
lung cancer inoperable probably due to
the fact that your meth dealer and you
smoke meth so what can we do huh chemo
well you don't have health insurance so
unless you have two hundred thousand
dollars
that's the door
what no more what the fuck Wally maybe I
was thinking maybe we could just you
know smoke lassen sell more for money
money why do we need money if I had
fucking money I'm by fucking come on
ebuddy done oh yeah I'm good you need
okay uh touch to learn math are going
over to jerry's later down the school
friend tender i don't need to answer any
questions honey you're both on TV
there's nothing to address listen our
teachers are well paid with health
benefits okay I think it's right call
they want we'll fly more teachers all
right no more questions is done
you
strike this is a strike this is a strike
this is a strike Jeffrey rip hey you
weren't my best customer hey that was a
long time ago yo I'm a TA now what are
you doing here but I was thinking maybe
I could teach chemistry what how much do
you think teachers may kill not come on
mr. blacks I'm pushing like you all of a
sudden just gonna break good Jeffrey all
the job requires just a basic
understanding of science which are
cultivated throughout the years of
fucking fenna means I'm telling the
principal ok chapter four duh Perry
Perry otic table of the elements which
clearly first thing you need to know
about the periodic table of elements is
daddy of some it's it's it's a table
starts right over there the a chip why
are the elements in that order this
teacher knows nothing about science
those kids walk out of control told you
bitch see good and crystal at science
teaching is like a REO the periodic
table of elements it's like crystal meth
houses gotta take some action
sisters
come on six on this topic and that's why
the elements all right network you know
just a black this this is art no Wally
when are you gonna cook what are you
wearing are you trying to get a real job
no I uh
money's not important to me what's
important to me is meth having meth
smoking meth having a husband that cooks
meth round the clock okay Shauna I have
cancer
you